I haven't been a big brother for many years
Get up
Big brother get up
It's big brother
It's Xiao Hu who is lax in discipline.
Almost let these evil people
Hurt Miss Zhenzhen
Please punish big brother
You should be grateful
Zhenzhen did not suffer any substantial harm
Or all of you in this room will die
But Zhenzhen was still humiliated
Who bullied Miss Zhenzhen, Miss Zhenzhen?
Sister, did you hear what Hu Yuanfang called you?
He calls you Miss Zhenzhen
God, tell me who you are
I don't know.
Mom
i
I don't know.
Why is my grandfather so rude?
Who is this guy?
Is there some misunderstanding?
I asked you who he was.
Hmm, it's Keiko
Ah.
How dare you father and son bully Miss Zhenzhen
What a big dog guts
Uh-huh.
Ah!
No, it's not like that.
This cripple is in his 80s and 90s and runs a food stall
Master Hu
Go aha, how dare you insult Miss Zhenzhen